B Maybe there's someone here that can help us.
G Why does it smell so sad here?
BR That, my friend, is the smell of fluorescent lighting and minimum wage graveyard shifts!
B You heard that voice too, right?
G I think so, but I've learned to mostly tune out the disembodied voices that talk to me at this point.
B Yeah... I mean- what?
BR Welcome to See-N-Leave! I'm Barry. 
BR How can I help you today?
B Look! A screamy whale!
BR Uhh, I'm a basking shark actually.
G Asking sharks what?
Br Basking Shark.
B You're asking sharks "basking shark"?
Br Uhhhh... Sure, yeah. 
BR Yeah, that's what I'm doing. 
BR ANYWAY, what can I do for you kids today?
G Well, we kinda just wanted to ask a few questions if you don't mind.
B Yeah.
B First and foremost: How are you today?
BR I'm terrific, sir, and yourself?
B Great! Thanks for asking!... Wait... I mean kinda bad actually! 
B We're lost and separated from our parents.
G Yeah, do you know how we can get back home?
BR You mean to the surface world?
BR I have a few ideas on how to do that...
B Oh, good! What should we do?
D Ditch this pencil-neck and come see me, that's what you should do.
G Did your desk just talk?
B We see you, Mr. Desk! What can we do to help?
BR Ugh... Don't mind him. 
BR That's just my brother, Danny. Or at least he used to be my brother before he succumbed to a life of sleaziness and shady dealings! Now I don't even know who he is anymore.
B So... Your brother is a desk?
D Yikes. Some real special little angels ya got there, huh Barry?
D Listen, kids, you can stick with my duddly-do-right brother here and take him up on his little to worthless advice.
D OR you can come visit me at my... "base of operations." 
BR You mean your seedy, price-gouging pawn shop? That base of operations?
D You mean my "fantastic, perfectly legitimate business- with bargains so insane, they'll make your head spin- which just so happens to also be a pawn shop?" Yes, dear brother, yes I do.
D Come on by, kids. Just take a right and follow the coast after you make your way out of Barry's sad little inconvenience store and head straight. Ya can't miss the place.
Br Hey, did you just call the See-N-Leave an in-convenience store?!
D I may have.
BR Why, you son of a-
D Ownerofaninconveniencestoresayswhat?
BR What?
BR Dang it!
D See ya real soon, kids!