B: Maybe there's someone here that can help us.
G: Why does it smell so sad here?
BR: That, my friend, is the smell of fluorescent lighting and minimum wage graveyard shifts!
B: You heard that voice too, right?
BR: Welcome to See-N-Leave! I'm Barry. 
BR: How can I help you today?
G: Look! A screamy whale!
BR: Uhh, I'm a basking shark actually.
G: Asking sharks what?
BR: Basking Shark.
B: You're asking sharks "basking shark"?
BR: Uhhhh... Sure, yeah. 
BR: Yeah, that's what I'm doing. 
BR: ANYWAY, what can I do for you kids today?
G: Well, we kinda just wanted to ask a few questions if you don't mind.
B: Yeah.
B: First and foremost: How are you today?
BR: I'm terrific, sir, and yourself?
B: Great! Thanks for asking!... 
B: Wait...
B: I mean kinda bad actually! 
B: We're lost and separated from our parents.
G: Yeah, do you know how we can get back home?
BR: You mean to the surface world?
BR: I have a few ideas on how to do that...
B: Oh, good! What should we do?
D: Ditch this pencil-neck and come see me, that's what you should do.
G: Did your desk just talk?
BR: Ugh... Don't mind him. 
BR: That's just my brother, Danny. 
B: Your brother is a desk?
D: Yikes. Some real special little angels ya got there, huh Barry?
D: Listen, kids, you can stick with my duddly-do-right brother here and take him up on his little to worthless advice.
D: Or you can come visit me at my... "base of operations." 
D: Where for the right price, I can get you back with no hassle. 
BR: Dont listen to him, what ever he's offering is a load of Cr...
G: What you mean price?
D: Well, what do you got on you?
B: well not much, just some camping stuff. OH and some trail mix with little candies.
D: BINGO! KID!
D: I havent had candy since before I got down here! 
D: Bring me the Candies sperated from the trail mix and I'll set you up and more!
D: See ya real soon kids.
BR: Don't listen to him, the second he can. He'll double cross you. 
BR: Tell you what, to spite my brother and protect you kids.
BR: If you give me the candy. Not only will I answer any questions you have, I'll help you get outta here as well! What do you say!
B: Mmmm, we have a lot to think about don't we sis.
G: yea, this is going to be a tough decision on who to trust.