B: Here you are Barry!
G: One shiny watch!
BR: KIDS! 
BR: Thank you so much!
D: KIDS!
D: I thought we had a good thing going!
D: You give me the watch and I give you money!
D: Who says no to money?!
BR: Clearly these kids do.
BR: And they have more integrity than you ever will!
G: Again, I dont know that word. But it sounds good!
B: Even though the plane doesn't work.
B: Were still happy to help!
BR: Wait, it doenst work???
BR: I thought it was still flyable.
G: Yea, surprising that a plane sitting out there for so long wouldn't work.
D: Not to me, I knew that peice of junk wouldn't fly.
BR: So you knew it wouldn't fly.
BR: And you were gonna let these kids waste their time with a broken plane.
D: Hey, I never said it was working or broken.
D: I just said it was there.
D: And even if I did, were you going to be the one to tell them?
G: We were really hoping that would take us home.
BR: well I feel just awful...
D: Me too kids, but I guess that's life hu?
BR: Danny!
D: What, im just being honest with them! They chose you over me.
D: Im a bit heart borken over.
B: Were sorry Danny
G: If there were two gold watches, we would have given the other one to you.
D: Thanks kids, ya broke my heart today not gonna lie, but im still a buissness man.
D: So if you got something valauble like..oh..say
D: A pair of Moon Shoes. 
D: Then we'll talk then.
D: Later kids. 
B: I feel bad about Danny.
G: Yea, he's so cool...
G: Maybe we made a mistake bro.
B: Yea I think we did...
BR: NO, you kids made the right call bringing me this watch.
BR: Trust me, now me and Danny will still have something to remember Papa Pepino.
BR: Even if he doesn't have it, he knows the watch is with me.
BR: And that a peice of pops is still around.
B:...
G:...
BR: Tell you what, I know a guy who can help you find anohter way out. 
BR: He's a bit...
BR: Exentric...
BR: But he's well informed on everything that goes down here. 
BR: His name is is Carl and one of those paranoid conspericy theory types that has a bit of information on everything.
BR: If anyone knows a way out, it's him.
B: Hey I'm named Carl!
B: He and I are name Buddies!
B: Sis, lets go meet my name buddy!
G: Right!
G: ...
G: How do we get to him?
BR: Easy. There should be a gap just east of my brothers place. 
BR: From there it's a clear route to his place. 
BR: You can't miss it. 
BR: It's a giant Sea Anenomy.
BR: Because he's a clown fish.
G: GREAT!
B: We'll head out immidatly.
B: Unless the sharks or something else is are blocking out way.
G: Oh yea, I forgot about them.
BR: Wait, you kids are in trouble with the "The Sharks of the Streets"?
BR: Be careful, they've been known to surround their enemies unexpectidly and in large radiuses.
BR: Waiting for them to fall into their traps.  
G: Oh no!
G: Were within a large radius!
BR: But you kids seem clever, I know you'll find a way not only to get past them. 
BR: But to get home!
BR: As soon as you leave, I'll radio Carl to let him know your coming.
B: Sounds good!
B: Katie you ready?
G: Ready as ill ever be!
G: Lets go!