B: Here you are Danny! one priceless family heriloom!
D: AAA KIDS!
D: I knew you'd make the right call!
D: I'm so proud of you! 
G: Wow, Danny's proud of us!
B: I'm so happy right now!
Br: What are you doing kids?  
Br: Why are you giving a precious family heriloom to someone who's oviously doesnt care about family?!
B: Well, because he's Danny
G: Yea, he's Danny 
D: Yea Barry, It's becaue I'm Danny
Br: I know he's Danny... I just didn't think you'd choose him over me.
Br: I mean, it just seems like such an obvious mistake.
B: Aww, were sorry Barry.
G: We still like you.
Br: Yea, I figured.
Br: Your still impressionable kids, you're still learning right from wrong.
Br: im not mad, im just dissapointed. 
B: Well now I feel bad...
B: No one's ever been dissapointed in us.
G: yea, maybe we made a mistake...
D: What? no you kids made the smart decision. 
D: Barry's fine.
D: He's just being a dramatic pencil neck.
D: Trust me, I've done worse
Br: worse? WORSE? Why don't you tell them you're the reason we're down here!
B: Danny? it's your fault you got stuck down here?
D: Kinda, it's a LONG story.
Br: No it's not! 
Br: Kids this is how it happened.
Br: We..
D: Woah Waoh Woah
D: I just rememberd im trying to save on electricity and exposition!
Br: Danny dont do it!
D: aaaa sorry Barry *cresshhhhhh* ya breaking *cresshhhhhh*
Br: Kids come to my Sho...
D: Later bro!
D: So! now that the nerd is out of the way. Let's do Buissness!
B: Ok danny!
D: As promised, some cash for your trip back up!
G: oh wow! Thanks Danny! You're really are the best!
B: Yea! This would have been great if the plane still worked!
D: what... the plane's not working... im so surpriesed...
G: I know! And it looked so flyable from the outside!
B: I guess we're going to be down here for a lot longer than expected.
D: ...Maybe not kids... Maybe not..
D: you see, there's a Clown Fish that lives south east of me named Carl!
B: Im named Carl!
D: yea, no kidding. Anyway this guy is one of those wackoss that belives in all kinds of conspericies.
D: Like spy roaches, fake moon landings, and holes in the ozone layer. 
D: He's got a bit of info on everything, true or not.
D: I'd start there for looking for a way out. 
G: Great! Thanks for the tip! 
B: Yea! thanks danny!
D: Anytime kids! It was nothing!
D: Come by to MY shop anytime you'd like. 
D: And NOT my brother's
G: Are you ok danny?
B: You sounded a bit funny at moments.
D: Im good kids, I've been emphesising those words so often, for so long, in that order, it's become second nature to me. 
G: OH that makes sence!
G: You ready to go bro 
B: Yea! hopefully the sharks havent found us!
D: Wait, you in trouble with "The Sharks of the Streets"?
D: They're a dangerous bunch, good briber though. 
D: But i've heard their even better bribies, if you follwing me.
B: Aaaaaa we understand you Danny.
G: Yea danny, we understand you Danny.
D:...
B:...
G:...
D: You kids don't know what im talking about do you?
G: No we don't
D: Bribe any sharks you see!
B: Ohhh yea that makes more sense than what we were thinking!
G: Thanks Danny! We won't forget what you did for us!
G: Let's go Bro!